Update adding-a-billing-manager-to-your-organization.md (#29472)
github/docs: content/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/adding-a-billing-manager-to-your-organization.md

- See private members of your organization
- Be seen in the list of organization members
- Purchase, edit, or cancel subscriptions for {% data variables.product.prodname_marketplace %} apps

> - Purchase, edit, or cancel GitHub Copilot for Business subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Purchase, edit, or cancel subscriptions for {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot_for_business %}
```
